"When you want to know how things really work, study them when they're coming apart." - William Gibson, Zero History
"Cyberspace. A consensual hallucination experienced daily by billions of legitimate operators, in every nation, by children being taught mathematical concepts... A graphic representation of data abstracted from banks of every computer in the human system. Unthinkable complexity. Lines of light ranged in the nonspace of the mind, clusters and constellations of data. Like city lights, receding..." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"Time moves in one direction, memory another. We are that strange species that constructs artifacts intended to counter the natural flow of forgetting." - William Gibson, Distrust That Particular Flavor
"Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem, first make sure that you are not, in fact, just surrounded by assholes." - William Gibson
"The street finds its own uses for things. ? William Gibson
"And, for an instant, she stared directly into those soft blue eyes and knew, with an instinctive mammalian certainty, that the exceedingly rich were no longer even remotely human." - William Gibson, Count Zero
"The sky above the port was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"The 'Net is a waste of time, and that's exactly what's right about it." - William Gibson
"Secrets...are the very root of cool." - William Gibson, Spook Country
"Things aren't different. Things are things." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"All the speed he took, all the turns he'd taken and the corners he'd cut in Night City, and still he'd see the matrix in his sleep, bright lattices of logic unfolding across that colorless void..." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"Time is money, but also money is money." - William Gibson, Pattern Recognition
"His eyes were eggs of unstable crystal, vibrating with a frequency whose name was rain and the sound of trains, suddenly sprouting a humming forest of hair-fine glass spines." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"There must be some Tommy Hilfiger event horizon, beyond which it is impossible to be more derivative, more removed from the source, more devoid of soul." - William Gibson, Pattern Recognition
"When the past is always with you, it may as well be present; and if it is present, it will be future as well." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"The future is there, - Cayce hears herself say, - looking back at us. Trying to make sense of the fiction we will have become. And from where they are, the past behind us will look nothing at all like the past we imagine behind us now." - William Gibson, Pattern Recognition
"We have sealed ourselves away behind our money, growing inward, generating a seamless universe of self." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"Night City was like a deranged experiment in social Darwinism, designed by a bored researcher who kept one thumb permanently on the fast-forward button." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"That's something that tends to happen with new technologies generally: The most interesting applications turn up on a battlefield, or in a gallery." - William Gibson, Spook Country
"We monitor many frequencies. We listen always. Came a voice, out of the babel of tongues, speaking to us. It played us a mighty dub." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"Somewhere, deep within her, surfaces a tiny clockwork submarine. There are times when you can only take the next step. And then another." - William Gibson, Pattern Recognition
"Fuck it. Just fuck it." - William Gibson, The Peripheral
"Because he had a good agent, he had a good contract. Because he had a good contract, he was in Singapore an hour after the explosion. Most of him, anyway." - William Gibson, Count Zero
"It was such an easy thing, death. He saw that now: It just happened. You screwed up by a fraction and there it was, something chill and odorless, ballooning out from the four stupid corners of the room, your mother’s Barrytown living room." - William Gibson, Count Zero
"A middleman’s business is to make himself a necessary evil." - William Gibson, Neuromancer
"Conspiracy theory’s got to be simple. Sense doesn’t come into it. People are more scared of how complicated shit actually is than they ever are about whatever’s supposed to be behind the conspiracy." - William Gibson, The Peripheral
"Paranoia, he said, was fundamentally egocentric, and every conspiracy theory served in some way to aggrandize the believer." - William Gibson, Pattern Recognition
"Far more creativity, today, goes into the marketing of products than into the products themselves." - William Gibson, Pattern Recognition
"There was a button," Holden said. "I pushed it." "Jesus Christ. That really is how you go through life, isn't it? - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"What kind of half-assed apocalypse are they running down there?" Amos said. "Give ’em a break. It’s their first." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"Stars are better off without us." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"You can tell you’ve found a really interesting question when nobody wants you to answer it." - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"Right," Holden said. "No coffee. This is a terrible, terrible planet." - James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn
"First off, get your shit together. Panic doesn’t help. It never helps. Deep breaths, figure this out, make the right moves. Fear is the mind-killer. Ha. Geek." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"He hadn’t been aware he’d felt wrong until he suddenly felt right again." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"I keep warning you. Doors and corners, kid. That's where they get you. Humans are too fucking stupid to listen." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"The massive radiation exposure had failed to give him superpowers." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"Humans can be better than they are, so let’s do that." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Good, because I don’t use sex as a weapon," Bobbie said. "I use weapons as weapons." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"It killed humans, therefore it was a weapon. But radiation killed humans, and a medical X-ray machine wasn’t intended as a weapon. Holden was starting to feel like they were all monkeys playing with a microwave. Push a button, a light comes on inside, so it’s a light. Push a different button and stick your hand inside, it burns you, so it’s a weapon. Learn to open and close the door, it’s a place to hide things. Never grasping what it actually did, and maybe not even having the framework necessary to figure it out. No monkey ever reheated a frozen burrito." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"Heroism is a label most people get for doing shit they’d never do if they were really thinking about it." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"If life transcends death, then I will seek for you there. If not, then there too." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Later, when you're wishing we had this stuff, I am going to be merciless in my mockery. And then we'll die." - James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn
"This is as good as it gets. Can’t expect everyone to be on the same page. We’re still humans after all. Some percentage of us are always going to be assholes." - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"Nothing ever killed more people than being afraid to look like a sissy." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"I can’t fight pirates without coffee." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Miller was staring at him like an entomologist trying to figure out exactly where the pin went." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"Looking back through history, there are a lot more men who thought they were Alexander the Great than men who actually were." - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"Last man standing," Amos replied with another grin. "It's in my job description." - James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn
"Posthuman. It was a word that came up in the media every five or six years, and it meant different things every time. Neural regrowth hormone? Posthuman. Sex robots with inbuilt pseudo intelligence? Posthuman. Self-optimizing network routing? Posthuman. It was a word from advertising copy, breathless and empty, and all he’d ever thought it really meant was that the people using it had a limited imagination about what exactly humans were capable of." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"No rest for the wicked, no peace for the good." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"His words were full of hope and threat. Like the stars." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"That man’s asshole must be tight enough right now to bend space." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Do not underestimate his capacity to fuck things up." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Same here, Cap'n," Amos said. "I got a lot of past in my past." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"The best scientific minds of the system were staring at the data with their jaws slack, and the reason no one was panicking yet was that no one could agree on what they should panic about." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"People always whispered when they were hiding. Wrapped in a space suit and surrounded by vacuum, Gomez could have been lighting fireworks inside his armor and no one would have heard it, but he whispered." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"There’s a dignity in consequences." - James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn
"Do we have a plan?" "A couple." Jim said. "Either of them good?" "Oh, no. Not at all. Just different flavors of terrible." - James S.A. Corey, Babylon's Ashes
"Everyone too busy trying to survive to spend any time creating something new." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"Well, mostly I’m a mechanic. But the idea that the UN has a file on me somewhere that lists me as the Rocinante’s killer? That’s kind of awesome." - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"GOODY. MY SPLEEN IS COLLAPSING. HURRY UP." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"They’d made a plan, and so far everything was more or less going the way they’d hoped. The thought left Holden increasingly terrified." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"Show a human a closed door, and no matter how many open doors she finds, she'll be haunted by what might be behind it." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"There are no souls, Melba thought with a touch of pity. We are bags of meat with a little electricity running through them. No ghosts, no spirits, no souls. The only thing that survives is the story people tell about you." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"It’s a simple complex system. That’s the technical name for it. Because it’s simple, it’s prone to cascades, and because it’s complex, you can’t predict what’s going to fail. Or how. It’s computationally impossible." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Alien superweapons were used," Alex said, walking into the room, sleep-sweaty hair standing out from his skull in every direction. "The laws of physics were altered, mistakes were made." - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"Once is never. Twice is always." - James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn
"Say what you will about organized crime, at least it’s organized." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"I have killed, but I am not a killer because a killer is a monster, and monsters aren’t afraid." - James S.A. Corey, Babylon's Ashes
"Anyone can kill a planet from orbit," Holden replied. "You don’t even need bombs. Just push anvils out the airlock. That thing out there could kill… Shit. Anything." - James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes
"Just do not pull that fucking trigger. Do you understand what I'm saying? Don't. You will be personally responsible for the deadliest screwup in the history of humankind, and I'm on a ship with Jim fucking Holden, so the bar's not low." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"Reputation never has very much to do with reality. I could name half a dozen paragons of virtue that are horrible, small-souled, evil people. And some of the best men I know, you'd walk out of the room if you heard their names. No one on the screen is who they are when you breathe their air." - James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War
"I’m as surprised as you are," Avasarala said. "Though I feel like I shouldn’t be. I actually read history. It’s like reading prophecy, you know." - James S.A. Corey, Persepolis Rising
"It was strange how nothing could change while everything did." - James S.A. Corey, Nemesis Games
"Partners," she said, and fired two rounds into his head." - James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate
"First mutiny?" Naomi said. "Yeah. It’s not really something I do." "It gets easier." - James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn
"In the beginning was the Word. Then came the fucking word processor. Then came the thought processor. Then came the death of literature. And so it goes." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"It occurs to me that our survival may depend upon our talking to one another." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"Words bend our thinking to infinite paths of self-delusion, and the fact that we spend most of our mental lives in brain mansions built of words means that we lack the objectivity necessary to see the terrible distortion of reality which language brings." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"Evolution brings human beings. Human beings, through a long and painful process, bring humanity." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"In twentieth-century Old Earth, a fast food chain took dead cow meat, fried it in grease, added carcinogens, wrapped it in petroleum-based foam, and sold nine hundred billion units. Human beings. Go figure." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"There is a fullness and calmness there which can come only from knowing pain." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"Prison always has been a good place for writers, killing, as it does, the twin demons of mobility and diversion" - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"You have to live to really know things, my love" - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"The day is perfect and I hate it for being so." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"Who was Hitler?" I said. Tyrena smiled slightly. "An Old Earth politician who did some writing." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"Nobody gets beyond a petroleum economy. Not while there's petroleum there." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"The whole planet reeks of mysticism without revelation." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"The essence of honor lay in the moment of combat between equals." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"It was fucking wonderful. It was fucking hell." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"Sol Weintraub had come to a single, unshakable conclusion: any allegiance to a deity or concept or universal principle which put obedience above decent behavior toward an innocent human being was evil." - Dan Simmons, Hyperion
"You have sentenced them all. Insanity is a living vapor. A force. It can be bottled. The most potent genie in the most easily uncorked bottle. And you have condemned them to live with it always. In the name of love." - Harlan Ellison, The Beast That Shouted Love At The Heart Of The World
"But if they did, they would know that hell was with them, that there was a Heaven that men called Heaven, and in it there was a center from which all madness flowed; and once within that center, there was peace." - Harlan Ellison, The Beast That Shouted Love At The Heart Of The World
"Naked barbarism took hold. He wanted to kill now. Not crash the other, not wound the other, not stop the other - kill the other! Messages to God were forgotten." - Harlan Ellison, Along The Scenic Route
"You broke part of the network?" Tsuyoshi said, scandalized. "You took someone's machines away? That's terrible! How could you do such an inhuman thing?" - Bruce Sterling, Maneki Neko
"The pasokon rang again. A shining white cat appeared on the screen. It had large, staring, unearthly eyes. "Let him go," the cat commanded in English." - Bruce Sterling, Maneki Neko
"Louise lifted the maneki neko, handling it as if it were a live eel. "These little Japanese voodoo cats. Maneki neko, right? They started showing up everywhere I went. There's a china cat in my handbag. There's three china cats at the office. Suddenly they're on display in the windows of every antique store in Providence. My car radio starts making meowing noises at me." - Bruce Sterling, Maneki Neko
"Life, and intelligence, do not mix very well." - Bruce Sterling, Schismatrix
"The Zaibatsu recognizes one civil right: the right to death." - Bruce Sterling, Schismatrix
"Posthumanism offers fluidity and freedom, and a metaphysic daring enough to think a whole world into life." - Bruce Sterling, Schismatrix
"In terms of morals there is no such thing as ‘state.’ Just men. Individuals. Each responsible for his own acts." - Robert A. Heinlein, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress